Jester
y
Children in the kingdom have been singing a nursery rhyme about His Majesty’s incompetence. Should we let this joke spread?
Yay! There’s no harm in a silly little joke.
Rats… I’ll keep the joke from spreading.

Knight
n
A beloved tavern keeper has been found guilty of murder. He’s been arrested, but there is unrest among some at his imprisonment. Should we release him?
You’re right, being beloved by the people does not absolve his crimes.
You’re right, keeping the people happy is far more important.

Queen
Y
Some of the palace’s staff members have expressed that they don’t believe their work is being fairly compensated. Should we raise their wages?
Of course, they deserve to be paid for their hard work.
Very well, their wages will remain the same.

Kitty
Y
Meow? (Can I have salmon for dinner?)
Meow!
Hiss!

Noble
N
There are rumors of witchcraft spreading through the kingdom. Should we put the accused on trial?
Of course. These are baseless accusations.
Very well. I will have the knights arrest the accused.

Butler
Y
The roads throughout the kingdom are growing rough with age. Travelers are reporting broken carriages and injured horses. Should we use the reserves in the treasury to repair the roads?
This is a great idea. The people will be incredibly grateful.
Very well. The travelers will have to pay the price instead.

Maid
Y
The drought has spread to the capital of Thanatia and the farmers are expecting a poor harvest. Shall we ask our allies for supplies?
Certainly. I’ll send a message to the neighboring kingdom.
As you wish. I suppose the drought may pass.

Knight
Y
Our weapons and armor have grown tired and worn with age. Discontent is spreading among the ranks. Will you invest in acquiring newer armor and weapons for your army?
Thank you! With good replacements, I'm sure the ranks will be pleased.
Of course, funds must be low with all that's going on.

Noble
Y
Many loyal nobles in the castle have reported suspected treasonous activity. Shall we investigate these claims and give these traitors what they deserve?
As is expected. They shall be taken care of at once!
Understood. These are only suspicions after all. The reports shall be promptly ignored. 
