Knight
n
There is growing unrest among the people. Some even speak of revolution. Should we retaliate with violence?
Of course. Retaliation would only fuel the unrest.
We will do what must be done.

Maid
n
Some unruly subjects have begun defacing the walls outside the palace. Every time we remove it, it’s replaced by something even more disturbing. Should we continue trying to clean up this mess?
You’re right, the people just want to be seen.
We will do our best.

Butler
y
Many of the people struggle to support themselves while the palace continues to throw extravagant parties. Should we cancel one of these parties and instead use the funds to support the people?
Thank you, Your Majesty. The people will be incredibly grateful for the relief this aid will provide. 
I will continue preparations for your birthday party.

Jester
n
Heya boss! I was thinking my next performance could involve setting a certain someone on fire. What do you think?
Aw, man…
This is going to be my best show ever!

Noble
Y
There have been a few cases of a mysterious illness in the city. Shall we hire plague doctors to prevent the spread?
Thank the heavens. I’ll hire the finest plague doctors at once.
I guess we’ll leave the people to fend for themselves.

Kitty
N
Meow!!! (One of the maids kicked me! Have her executed!)
Hiss!!
Meow :3

Queen
N
There have been talks of a rebellion as of late. Their alleged leader has been apprehended Shall we have him executed?
A wise decision. The man deserves a proper trial.
He will be shown no mercy.

Butler
n
On the floor I found what looks to be a secret message passed between members of our castle. It mentions a plan of some kind, but no elaboration. Shall we enforce a ban on secret writings like this?
Right. We shall let them speak however they please.
Of course. Any further such messaging will not be tolerated.

Maid
Y
Our librarian, Wilfred, has been asking for you. He has new books for you to read. "Your favorites!", he says. Shall you go meet with him?
Splendid! I'll let him know you will see him soon.
As you wish, your majesty. This is surely no time for reading.
